I think a couple of things that I that I do well as a leader is is. One
is I don't take myself too serious and I'm able to roll with the punches,
understand that people are gonna be uncomfortable, maybe even
around me, sometimes because of my position as a chaplain or a senior
leader. Another characteristic that people might say is again my
transparency, the way that I'm very quick to communicate things that
I think is important, whether it's good or it's bad and also my ability
to stay pretty consistent in my leadership style. A Sfar as I
don't I don't waiver one way or the other. Uh, I don't get too high,
uh, in emotions, and I don't also get too low. I'm pretty consistent
and something that they can look Thio and expect from me.